spiritual. What do you want to do?
Don't you think you can get me back? It's very much like me.
You just let me deceive you. I really don't want to be here anymore.
No. Listen to me. There are things we give.
They can. We don't give it.
No one can tell. old man,
You should know better. Who is still involved in today's marriage?
Who of you wants to say something more?
I guarantee that eligible projects will be paid for immediately.
It's the right thing to do,
It was the one who was judged and given Xiaoyu.
What does it matter?
You still use gods and earth to oppress me?
As long as it's the contract before Xiaoyu
Even if Lord God and Earth know it
He won't be responsible either
Then I now declare that the contract is unlimited
I'll pretend to be a god again
Is this loser's brain broken?
Can you please feel better quickly?
Even if you collapse now
I will stay with my Su family in the future
Then you can fly to the Red City.
All of Xiaoqiang’s future projects
With you, I love to blow my hair.
I'm afraid it's too early to be happy